what new initiative? Faster. You're going to have to tackle off war or
your worship. So, up to this point, you may or may not have been required
to write fitness reports. Certainly your own fitness report.
So you're going to have to write those, right? Those evaluations, your
personal side. So that's one thing that you may or may not have the
skill set. So, Lord, right, fit wraps. It's been pulled more art
than science on they say, Take skill set to do that. I work for men.
You I was coming up everything right on myself. I would bar with steel
reps from other officers. So it has him in my file, so I would know
how to write them. Um, as I began senior. So now I pretty much far,
um, it's out there and you can learn how to write. Um, that's important,
because it all comes down. One piece of cake. You're all here.
National. Label off one here on paper, you're gonna be asked to
send those influence in Europe